Oh
there is everyone knows at the zoo I hope
that you're fine in any case me that
is going great we end up saying for one
video five ridiculous things that
billion in his country when I say
ridiculous I'm not saying it's useless
but he could have done without
we start right away with the
first billionaires who is named
agi cyr hassanal bolkiah usa dinh hoa
dollars here I managed to pronounce
for loose saha a like it's more
known as sultan of brunei and
well suppose it offers the hairdresser's
more expensive in the world with a price of 25
thousand euros and he promised himself and he is
also owns a rolls royce
tackler that is worth about 12 million
euros
this sultan the letonne brunei it seems
well, that's my own story that told me
it seems he wanted to make a
disneyland on his island
but they refused or I know more
why refuse me or easy games
of access I have no idea I will put
anything silva does or not the
second term is nicknamed susie prince
al-walid and this prince to something
that I dream to have even that's
completely useless
he hung you appreciate you very much
well a mercedes benz inlaid with
diamond diamonds so much more gold there
next to that the substantial provided
joke truce the car is worth 42
millions of euros we are far from both
millions of euros
the third term is called mukash
ambani is with a house need a
very big house a very big
House
he had built a building of 27
floors only for him this shack
sees the modest sum of 1 billion
dollars
it's the second house of the most
close to buckingham palace
fourth billionaire is well known
it's even the richest in the world I
speaks beautiful hymn of bill gates who uci
to make a book is not the door
she delivers a codex of the honor of 20
sites dating back five hundred years ago he has
bought for 27 million euros
who makes this book the book the
more expensive at least eight gates a sa
fortune it is estimated at 80 billion
dollars if I'm wrong so that's
the creator of a microsoft mine
besides windows 10 106 has not very
long ago a month ago I against it
like that I do not know when but on my
pc but I will enjoy it for the
to appreciate
the fifth billionaire good you know
not who it is actually it's just a
guy who bought himself a watch at 25
million dollars at auction and one
know they american it's a man
business
actually this watch it's worth this
sum because it's in quotation marks
the most complicated watch at least
because a gear plan there are full
weird stuff in there I get there
do not know I would of course put a
picture of all the people that is
that I quoted in this video
everything they bought so by
example for bigs and I will put a
image of the codex for mukesh ambani i
will put a picture of his building and
for there for the guy we do not know who
I was the picture of the watch
she is frankly very beautiful she is
gold plated a gold plated player it's from
gold she is really beautiful we
here are the guys this video is
now